Proofread Swarm (#17283)
docker/docs: engine/swarm/services.md

### Give a service access to volumes or bind mounts

For best performance and portability, you should avoid writing important data

> directly into a container's writable layer, using instead data volumes or bind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directly into a container's writable layer, and instead use data volumes or bind
```

Author: I like "using instead" better :)
Alternatively, we could split this into two sentences. "...you should avoid writing...layer. Instead, you should use..."
I leave this one to you to decide.

Reviewer: Splitting into two sentences SGTM!

  <IMAGE>
```

> If a volume with the name `<VOLUME-NAME>` does not exist when a task is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a volume with the name `<VOLUME-NAME>` doesn't exist when a task is
```
